---
layout: post
title: "Lead Software QA Engineer"
date: 2024-04-01
categories: [career]
thumbnail: qa.webp
alt: "Image description"
---

At Halleyin, we are a growing software consultancy committed to delivering innovative digital solutions. As a small but passionate team, we prioritize creating an environment where every contribution is impactful. We are looking for a detail-oriented Lead Software QA Engineer to join our core team and ensure our software exceeds the highest quality standards.

In this role, you will be essential to our development process, responsible for testing and ensuring the quality of a wide range of applications. Your expertise in automated testing tools and command over various testing methodologies will play a crucial role in our continuous delivery pipeline. You will lead and mentor a team of QA engineers, enhancing their skills and driving the team towards excellence.

## Responsibilities
- Design and implement tests using Selenium and TestRail.
- Develop and execute test cases to identify software issues (manual and automated) using Python scripts and Postman for API testing.
- Design and implement tests for mobile applications using frameworks such as Appium.
- Assess product functionality against specifications to ensure compatibility and user satisfaction.
- Conduct security testing to identify and address vulnerabilities within the software.
- Collaborate with developers using Git for version control and Jenkins for continuous integration to troubleshoot and resolve issues.
- Mentor and lead a team of QA engineers, providing guidance and support to enhance team performance and productivity.
- Conduct interviews and participate in the hiring process to build a high-performing QA team.
- Stay updated with new testing tools and test strategies.

## Requirements
- 3+ years of professional software testing experience, thoroughly understanding QA testing environments and methodologies.
- 2+ years experience in leading teams and mentoring junior engineers.
- Proficiency in automation testing tools such as Selenium.
- Skilled in programming languages relevant to test script development, particularly Python and JavaScript.
- Knowledge of API testing tools like Postman or Swagger and mobile testing frameworks such as Appium.
- Familiarity with AWS cloud platform services, including DynamoDB, Cognito, Lambda, and CloudWatch.
- Background in CI/CD tool usage, specifically Jenkins or Travis CI.
- Strong foundation in Agile methodologies and Behavior-Driven Development (BDD).
- Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a relevant field.

## We Offer:
- An opportunity to earn stock options. As part of our team, your contributions will directly influence our collective success and growth.
- Flexible working conditions with remote options available.
- A chance to work on diverse projects that challenge and expand your skills.
- A supportive, innovative atmosphere with a team that's passionate about technology and its potential.
    
## How to Apply:
If you are driven by innovation and eager to contribute to a team where your work makes a direct impact, please send your resume to [info@halleyin.com](mailto:info@halleyin.com).
    
Join us at Halleyin and help us drive technological change while growing together!
